welcome to movie summary today i'm going
to explain mission impossible ghost
protocol
imf agent trevor hanaway is killed in
budapest by assassin sabine moreau
who takes his file containing russian
nuclear launch codes so she can give
them to a man known only as cobalt
imf agent ethan hunt has purposely
become incarcerated in a moscow prison
to acquire bogdon
a source of information on cobalt with
the help of jane carter
hannah was handler and newly promoted
field agent benji dunn
hunt and bogdan make their escape imf
tasks hunt to infiltrate the kremlin to
gain more information on cobalt
during the mission an insider broadcasts
the imf team about a supposed detonation
thereby alerting the kremlin police
hunt's team aborts the mission just as a
bomb destroys much of the kremlin
carter and dunn escape but hunt is
captured by svr agent anatoly cedaroff
and charged with destroying the kremlin
hunt escapes and meets with the imf
secretary in moscow on other business
the secretary tells hunt that the
president had initiated ghost protocol
disavowing imf but secretly orders hunt
to continue to pursue kobald
cedar f's forces catch up to hunt and
the secretary is killed
hunt escapes along with the secretary's
aid and intelligence analyst william
brandt
brandt is able to identify cobalt as
kurt hendricks a swedish-born russian
nuclear strategist
who seeks to start a nuclear war between
the u.s and russia
hendricks used the kremlin bombing to
cover up his theft of a russian launch
control device
and now is planning a trade with moro at
the burj khalifa in dubai to gain the
required launch codes the team travels
to dubai
on the 119th floor of the hotel they
create deceptions using their various
gadgetry and disguises to make moro
believe she is meeting with hendrix
and vice versa when in fact they are
interacting with the imf team
moreo discovers the deception and in the
ensuing chaos
hendrix manages to escape with the
launch codes evading hunt's pursuit in
the midst of a dust storm
as moro tries to escape she is knocked
out of a window by carter and falls to
her death
brandt accuses carter of doing this as
retribution for moro's murder of hanaway
thus compromising the mission but hunt
recognizes that brand has also been
keeping secrets from them
having shown combat skills atypical of a
mere analyst
hunt leaves to meet with bogue dawn to
get more information on hendricks
while brandt tells the others that he
had been assigned to secretly protect
ethan and his wife julia in croatia
julia had been killed by a hit squad and
brandt feels responsible for ethan's
loss
which is why he stopped being a field
agent
bogdan directs ethan towards mumbai
where hendrix is set to negotiate with
indian billionaire entrepreneur
bridgenath to gain
control of an obsolete soviet military
satellite
the imf team splits up to stop hendricks
carter sexually seduces nafta to get the
satellite override code
while hunt brandt and dunn try to stop
hendricks from using nath's broadcast
station they are too late as hendricks
has sent the launch codes to a russian
delta three-class nuclear submarine to
fire a single missile at san francisco
and disabled the station's computer
systems
brandt and done race to get the systems
back online to send the override code
while hunt pursues hendricks eventually
having a brutal brawl with him in an
automated car park
hendricks with the launch device jumps
to his death moments before the missile
is set to land
hunt then uses one of the cars and takes
a dangerous fault to use the device
he barely disables the missile before it
strikes cedaroff
who is followed imf from dubai to mumbai
arrives and realizes that the imf is
innocent of the kremlin bombing
the team meets in seattle after ethan
accepts a new mission from luther
stickle
brandt confesses to ethan about his
failure to protect julia
ethan however reveals that her death and
the murder of the serbians were part of
a plot to give her a new identity and
enable ethan to infiltrate the prison
a relieved brand happily accepts his
mission and becomes an agent once again
meanwhile julia arrives at the harbour
ethan and julia gaze at each other
smiling from afar before ethan departs
for his next mission
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe movie details and
other facts
despite mission impossible three earning
less than its predecessors at the box
office
its critical reception was much better
than its predecessors and paramount
pictures was keen on developing a fourth
in the series
in august 2009 josh applebaum and andre
nemech were hired to write the film's
screenplay
because of other commitments j j abrams
said that it was unlikely for him to
return as director but made note that he
will produce the film alongside tom
cruise
christopher mcquarrie who later directed
mission impossible
rogue nation and mission impossible
fallout did an uncredited rewrite of the
screenplay
explaining that on ghost protocol i came
in on the middle of the shoot to do a
rewrite of the screenplay
though they had already started the
movie i had to communicate with the
entire staff to determine what i could
and couldn't change
what sets had been built or struck what
scenes i could or couldn't reshoot
i learned so much about production being
right there the script had these
fantastic sequences in it but there was
a mystery in it that was very
complicated
what i did was about clarity the mystery
had to be made simpler
it's like reaching into a sock and
pulling it inside out
it's still a sock still all the same
pieces but all put together in a
different order
when we were first looking at the image
of tom climbing the borge
in the long shots we could not only see
the traffic in the reflections when he
presses down on the glass
but you actually saw the glass warp
slightly because of the pressure of his
hand
you would never see that in 35
millimeters the fact that the screen
fills your vision and is super sharp
seems more lifelike
brad bird describing the advantages of
filming in the imax format
many of the film's interior scenes were
shot at vancouver's canadian motion
picture
park studios including a key transition
seen in a specially equipped imf train
car in the fight between hunt and
hendricks in a mumbai automated
multi-level parking garage
which was constructed over a six-month
period just for the film
the vancouver convention center was
modified to double as downtown bangalore
the film's opening moscow prison escape
scenes were shot on location in a real
former prison near prague
on rotten tomatoes the film has an
approval rating of 93
based on 239 reviews and an average
rating of seven
seven tenths the critical consensus on
rotten tomatoes reads
stylish fast-paced and loaded with
gripping set pieces
the fourth mission impossible is big
budget popcorn entertainment that really
works
metacritic assigned the film a score of
73 out of 100 based on 47 critics
indicating generally favorable reviews
audiences polled by cinema score gave
the film an average grade of a on an a
plus to f scale
ghost protocol grossed 209.4 million
dollars in north america and 485.3
million dollars in other countries for a
worldwide total of 694.70 million.it is
the second highest grossing film
worldwide in the mission impossible
series